feat(curriculum): add depth-first search lab (#56378)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-depth-first-search/587d825d367417b2b2512c96.md

---
id: 587d825d367417b2b2512c96
title: Implement the Depth-First Search Algorithm
challengeType: 14
dashedName: implement-the-depth-first-search-algorithm
---

# --description--

> <dfn>Depth-first search</dfn> (DFS) is an algorithm used to search through data structures such as trees or graphs. Starting from a root node, the search first goes down a path of edges as far as it can. Once it reaches one end of a path, the search will backtrack to the last node with an un-visited edge path and continue searching down the un-visited edge path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<dfn>Depth-first search</dfn> (DFS) is an algorithm used to search through data structures such as trees or graphs. Starting from a root node, the search first goes down a path of edges as far as it can. Once it reaches one end of a path, the search will backtrack to the last node with an unvisited edge path and continue searching down the unvisited edge path.
```
